#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.in
#
-e git+https://github.com/okfde/django-amenities.git@master#egg=django-amenities
    # via -r requirements.in
-e git+https://github.com/stefanw/django-contractor.git@main#egg=django-contractor
    # via -r requirements.in
-e git+https://github.com/okfde/django-filingcabinet.git@master#egg=django-filingcabinet
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide
-e git+https://github.com/okfde/froide.git@main#egg=froide
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide-campaign
    #   froide-crowdfunding
    #   froide-exam
    #   froide-fax
    #   froide-food
    #   froide-legalaction
-e git+https://github.com/okfde/froide-campaign.git@master#egg=froide-campaign
    # via -r requirements.in
-e git+https://github.com/okfde/froide-crowdfunding.git@master#egg=froide-crowdfunding
    # via -r requirements.in
-e git+https://github.com/okfde/froide-exam.git@master#egg=froide-exam
    # via -r requirements.in
-e git+https://github.com/okfde/froide-fax.git@master#egg=froide-fax
    # via -r requirements.in
-e git+https://github.com/okfde/froide-food.git@master#egg=froide-food
    # via -r requirements.in
-e git+https://github.com/okfde/froide-legalaction.git@master#egg=froide-legalaction
    # via -r requirements.in
-e git+https://github.com/okfde/froide-payment.git@master#egg=froide-payment
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide-crowdfunding
aiohttp==3.7.4.post0
    # via geoip2
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
amqp==5.0.6
    # via kombu
appnope==0.1.2
    # via ipython
asgiref==3.3.4
    # via
    #   channels
    #   daphne
    #   django
async-timeout==3.0.1
    # via aiohttp
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   automat
    #   jsonschema
    #   service-identity
    #   twisted
autobahn==21.3.1
    # via daphne
automat==20.2.0
    # via twisted
babel==2.9.0
    # via
    #   django-prices
    #   enmerkar
    #   prices
    #   sphinx
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
braintree==4.7.0
    # via django-payments
cairocffi==1.2.0
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   weasyprint
cairosvg==2.5.2
    # via weasyprint
celery==5.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-email
    #   django-contractor
    #   froide
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.5
    # via
    #   cairocffi
    #   cryptography
    #   weasyprint
channels==3.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   django-newsletter
    #   requests
click-didyoumean==0.0.3
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.1.6
    # via celery
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   geocoder
constantly==15.1.0
    # via twisted
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via coreapi
coverage==5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   django-coverage-plugin
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   django-payments
    #   jwcrypto
    #   pyopenssl
    #   service-identity
cssselect2==0.4.1
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   weasyprint
daphne==3.0.2
    # via channels
decorator==5.0.6
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ratelim
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via cairosvg
dj-database-url==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide
django-admin-sortable2==0.7.8
    # via -r requirements.in
django-appconf==1.0.4
    # via django-celery-email
django-cache-url==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide
django-celery-beat==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-celery-email==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-classy-tags==2.0.0
    # via
    #   django-cms
    #   django-sekizai
django-cms==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-attributes-field
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
    #   djangocms-icon
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   djangocms-transfer
    #   djangocms-video
    #   sortabletable
django-configurations==2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide
django-contrib-comments==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-countries==7.1
    # via froide-payment
django-coverage-plugin==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
django-crossdomainmedia==0.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide
django-debug-toolbar==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
django-elasticsearch-dsl==7.1.4
    # via froide
django-filer==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-video
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-filingcabinet
    #   froide
    #   froide-campaign
django-floppyforms==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-formtools==2.2
    # via django-cms
django-fsm==2.7.1
    # via froide-legalaction
django-js-asset==1.2.2
    # via django-mptt
django-json-widget==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-filingcabinet
django-leaflet==0.27.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-localflavor==3.0.1
    # via froide-payment
django-logentry-admin==1.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django-markdown-deux==1.0.5
    # via froide-campaign
django-mptt==0.12.0
    # via
    #   django-filer
    #   django-filingcabinet
django-newsletter==0.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-oauth-toolkit==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-parler==2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-payments==0.13.0
    # via froide-payment
django-polymorphic==3.0.0
    # via django-filer
django-prices==2.2.0
    # via froide-payment
django-sekizai==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cms
django-storages==1.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide
django-taggit-autosuggest==0.3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
django-taggit==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-filingcabinet
    #   django-taggit-autosuggest
    #   froide
django-timezone-field==4.1.2
    # via django-celery-beat
django-treebeard==4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cms
django==3.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels
    #   django-admin-sortable2
    #   django-amenities
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-email
    #   django-classy-tags
    #   django-cms
    #   django-contractor
    #   django-contrib-comments
    #   django-crossdomainmedia
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-filer
    #   django-filingcabinet
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-leaflet
    #   django-localflavor
    #   django-logentry-admin
    #   django-mptt
    #   django-newsletter
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-payments
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-prices
    #   django-sekizai
    #   django-storages
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   enmerkar
    #   froide
    #   sortabletable
djangocms-admin-style==2.0.2
    # via django-cms
djangocms-attributes-field==2.0.0
    # via
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
    #   djangocms-icon
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-video
djangocms-bootstrap4==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-icon==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
djangocms-link==3.0.0
    # via djangocms-bootstrap4
djangocms-picture==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
djangocms-text-ckeditor==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
djangocms-transfer==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-video==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework-csv==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide
djangorestframework-jsonp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-filingcabinet
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   froide
dnspython==2.1.0
    # via pyisemail
docopt==0.6.2
    # via num2words
docutils==0.16
    # via sphinx
easy-thumbnails==2.7.1
    # via
    #   django-filer
    #   djangocms-picture
elasticsearch-dsl==7.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch==7.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
enmerkar==0.7.1
    # via django-prices
et-xmlfile==1.0.1
    # via openpyxl
factory-boy==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
faker==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   factory-boy
fdfgen==0.16.1
    # via froide-food
flake8==3.9.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   django-json-widget
    #   geocoder
geocoder==1.38.1
    # via
    #   django-amenities
    #   froide-food
geographiclib==1.50
    # via geopy
geoip2==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide
geopy==2.1.0
    # via
    #   django-amenities
    #   froide-food
honcho==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   weasyprint
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   twisted
icalendar==4.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   twisted
    #   yarl
imagesize==1.2.0
    # via sphinx
incremental==21.3.0
    # via twisted
ipdb==0.13.7
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via traitlets
ipython==7.22.0
    # via ipdb
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   coreschema
    #   sphinx
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jwcrypto==0.8
    # via django-oauth-toolkit
kombu==5.0.2
    # via celery
ldif3==3.1.1
    # via django-newsletter
lxml==4.6.3
    # via
    #   django-amenities
    #   django-contractor
    #   pikepdf
markdown2==2.4.0
    # via django-markdown-deux
markdown==3.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
maxminddb==2.0.3
    # via geoip2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   flake8
mock==4.0.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
multidict==5.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
num2words==0.5.10
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.20.2
    # via pandas
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via django-oauth-toolkit
openpyxl==3.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==20.9
    # via sphinx
pandas==1.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
parso==0.8.2
    # via jedi
pbr==5.5.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
phonenumbers==8.12.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide
    #   froide-fax
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pikepdf==2.11.0
    # via django-filingcabinet
pillow==8.2.0
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   django-filingcabinet
    #   django-newsletter
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   pikepdf
    #   reportlab
    #   weasyprint
prices==1.1.0
    # via
    #   django-prices
    #   froide-payment
prompt-toolkit==3.0.18
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   ipython
psycopg2-binary==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via service-identity
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   service-identity
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pyflakes==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   flake8
pygments==2.8.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   sphinx
pyhamcrest==2.0.2
    # via twisted
pyisemail==1.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyjwt==1.7.1
    # via
    #   django-payments
    #   twilio
pyopenssl==20.0.1
    # via twisted
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pypdf2==1.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-filingcabinet
pyphen==0.10.0
    # via weasyprint
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via jsonschema
python-card-me==0.9.3
    # via django-newsletter
python-crontab==2.5.1
    # via django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   faker
    #   froide-payment
    #   icalendar
    #   pandas
    #   python-card-me
    #   python-crontab
python-magic==0.4.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide
python-mimeparse==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide
python-slugify==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-stdnum==1.16
    # via django-localflavor
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   babel
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   froide
    #   icalendar
    #   pandas
    #   twilio
ratelim==0.1.6
    # via geocoder
reportlab==3.5.66
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   braintree
    #   coreapi
    #   django-contractor
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-payments
    #   froide
    #   froide-food
    #   froide-payment
    #   geocoder
    #   geoip2
    #   sphinx
    #   stripe
    #   twilio
selenium==3.141.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
sentry-sdk==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
service-identity==18.1.0
    # via twisted
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   automat
    #   click-repl
    #   django-configurations
    #   django-coverage-plugin
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
    #   django-newsletter
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   geocoder
    #   html5lib
    #   jsonschema
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   twilio
snowballstemmer==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sorl-thumbnail==12.7.0
    # via django-newsletter
sortabletable==0.0.15
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx==3.5.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.4
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stripe==2.56.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-payments
    #   froide-payment
suds-jurko==0.6
    # via django-payments
surlex==0.2.0
    # via django-newsletter
tblib==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   faker
    #   python-slugify
tinycss2==1.1.0
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   cssselect2
    #   weasyprint
toml==0.10.2
    # via ipdb
traitlets==5.0.5
    # via ipython
twilio==6.56.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide-fax
twisted[tls]==20.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   daphne
txaio==21.2.1
    # via autobahn
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via aiohttp
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   django-newsletter
    #   djangorestframework-csv
unidecode==1.1.2
    # via django-filer
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via coreapi
urllib3==1.26.4
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   geoip2
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   sentry-sdk
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
wand==0.6.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-filingcabinet
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
weasyprint==52.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide-fax
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
websockets==8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via django-payments
yarl==1.6.3
    # via aiohttp
zope.interface==5.3.0
    # via twisted

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
